README

\design\ - all verilog/assembly source code lives here
\client\ - the Windows client for connecting to the FPGA lives here

To connect, turn on the FPGA and connect it to your computer via the micro USB port on the Nexys4DDR. 
The easiest way to identify which COM port to use is to open Device Manager and look in the COM ports section.
    The COM port seems to be different for everyone...

Click "connect" once you've found the correct COM port.
There are several tabs for trigger and buffer configuration. 
    Buffer
        Max Sample Count - maximum number of samples to log to memory. This is the number of PACKETS, not raw samples.
        Max PreTrigger Sample Count - max number of samples to save before triggering. Again, number of PACKETS.
    Trigger
        Active Channels     - select each channel to be considered for triggers
        Desired Pattern     - Select the desired pattern for the pattern trigger (only applicable if pattern trigger is enabled).
                              A check in the box is a 1, empty is 0
        Don't Care Channels    - If you do not care about particular channel's levels for the pattern trigger, select them here.
        Edge Trigger Channel   - The channel number you wish to monitor for the edge trigger
        Edge Trigger Type      - Check the box for a positive edge, uncheck for a negative edge
        Pattern Trigger Enable - Check to enable the pattern trigger
        Edge Trigger Enable    - Check to enable the edge trigger
        
        
Once you've set up your configuration, hit the "Begin" button to launch the trace
    Depending on your configuration, things may happen so fast you don't actually see anything
    If you see the 'Idle' status indicator lit, it has already finished sampling
    If your trigger configuration is bad, you may see the device stuck in 'Pre Trig' for a long time. Go to the 'control' tab and hit 'abort'
    If your buffer is large or the signal is relatively slow, you may see the device remain in 'Post Trig' for some time. 
            There is an upper limit to the number of samples that can be saved, so if it seems like it's taking a very long time (>1 minute), 
            abort and reduce the buffer size.
Once the device returns to 'Idle' you can hit 'End' to download the trace. Large traces may take some time.

You can zoom in on portions of the waveform by clicking and dragging to highlight a section.
You can then zoom out with the tiny little button on the left side of the scroll bar that appears. Have fun clicking it :)
If you run a new trace and download it, the current trace data is discarded unless you've saved it.

Enjoy!